Reorganization of http and rest documentation adding missing elements (#1169)
microsoft/cadl: packages/website/src/docs/standard-library/rest/operations.md

---
id: http/operations
title: Operations
---

# Http Operations

## Operation verb

You can use one of the [verb decorators]({% doc "http/decorators", "verb-decorators" %}): `@get`, `@put`, etc.

## Route

An operation route can be specified using the `@route` decorator.

```cadl
@route("/pets") op list(): Pet[];
```

> Route path parameter are declared using `{}`. Providing `@path` on the model property with the matching name is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Route path parameters are declared using `{}`. Providing `@path` on the model property with the matching name is optional.
```

```cadl
@route("/pets/{petId}") op get(petId: string): Pet;
// or explicit @path
@route("/pets/{petId}") op get(@path petId: string): Pet;
```

> Route can be specified on a parent namespace or interface. In that case all the operation, interface or namespace underneath will be prefixed with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Route can be specified on a parent namespace or interface. In that case all the operations, interfaces and namespaces underneath will be prefixed with it.
```
